---
content_type: page
is_media_gallery: true
title: Kanji Video Lectures
uid: 6759bce5-29af-4b20-502a-f400105d5f8a
---
{{< video-gallery-item href="/resources/video-1-kanji-in-tobira-lesson-6" section="Kanji Video Lectures" title="Video 1: Kanji in Tobira Lesson 6" description="Description : This is a dual-language video, with content in both Japanese and English. Selecting either English or Japanese captions will provide the same dual-language captions. This video covers the Japanese kanji characters in Lesson 6 of the textbook, Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese Learning Through Content and Multimedia . Instructor : Dr. Takako Aikawa" thumbnail="https://img.youtube.com/vi/M7oHikLia0I/default.jpg" >}} {{< video-gallery-item href="/resources/video-2-kanji-in-tobira-lesson-7" section="Kanji Video Lectures" title="Video 2: Kanji in Tobira Lesson 7" description="Description : This is a dual-language video, with content in both Japanese and English. Selecting either English or Japanese captions will provide the same dual-language captions. This video covers the Japanese kanji characters in Lesson 7 of the textbook, Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese Learning Through Content and Multimedia . Instructor : Dr. Takako Aikawa" thumbnail="https://img.youtube.com/vi/TdcQPpHF5bo/default.jpg" >}} {{< video-gallery-item href="/resources/video-3-kanji-in-tobira-lesson-8" section="Kanji Video Lectures" title="Video 3: Kanji in Tobira Lesson 8" description="Description : This is a dual-language video, with content in both Japanese and English. Selecting either English or Japanese captions will provide the same dual-language captions. This video covers the Japanese kanji characters in Lesson 8 of the textbook, Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese Learning Through Content and Multimedia . Instructor : Dr. Takako Aikawa" thumbnail="https://img.youtube.com/vi/Bcxyr_yBBQg/default.jpg" >}} {{< video-gallery-item href="/resources/video-4-kanji-in-tobira-lesson-9" section="Kanji Video Lectures" title="Video 4: Kanji in Tobira Lesson 9" description="Description : This is a dual-language video, with content in both Japanese and English. Selecting either English or Japanese captions will provide the same dual-language captions. This video covers the Japanese kanji characters in Lesson 9 of the textbook, Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese Learning Through Content and Multimedia . Instructor : Dr. Takako Aikawa" thumbnail="https://img.youtube.com/vi/hRPRQVG8Tw0/default.jpg" >}} {{< video-gallery-item href="/resources/video-5-kanji-in-tobira-lesson-10" section="Kanji Video Lectures" title="Video 5: Kanji in Tobira Lesson 10" description="Description : This is a dual-language video, with content in both Japanese and English. Selecting either English or Japanese captions will provide the same dual-language captions. This video covers the Japanese kanji characters in Lesson 10 of the textbook, Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese Learning Through Content and Multimedia . Instructor : Dr. Takako Aikawa" thumbnail="https://img.youtube.com/vi/RrPfRygcwFA/default.jpg" >}}